README.md, before:


## 🌐 Socials:
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/https://www.linkedin.com/in/prem-kushwaha-a79b3a230/) [![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:officialprem445@gmail.com) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/c%23-%23239120.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=csharp&logoColor=white) ![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white) ![Render](https://img.shields.io/badge/Render-%46E3B7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=render&logoColor=white) ![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/vercel-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=white) ![Angular](https://img.shields.io/badge/angular-%23DD0031.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=angular&logoColor=white) ![Angular.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/angular.js-%23E23237.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=angularjs&logoColor=white) ![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%238511FA.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white) ![NPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-%23CB3837.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white) ![Next JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white) ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![Nodemon](https://img.shields.io/badge/NODEMON-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nodemon&logoColor=%BBDEAD) ![React Hook Form](https://img.shields.io/badge/React%20Hook%20Form-%23EC5990.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=reacthookform&logoColor=white) ![Apache](https://img.shields.io/badge/apache-%23D42029.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=apache&logoColor=white) ![Apache Tomcat](https://img.shields.io/badge/apache%20tomcat-%23F8DC75.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=apache-tomcat&logoColor=black) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![Adobe](https://img.shields.io/badge/adobe-%23FF0000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=adobe&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![Meta](https://img.shields.io/badge/Meta-%230467DF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Meta&logoColor=white) ![Uber](https://img.shields.io/badge/Uber-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Uber&logoColor=white)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=mprem7739&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=false)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=mprem7739&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=mprem7739&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=false&layout=compact)

## 🏆 GitHub Trophies
![](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=mprem7739&theme=radical&no-frame=false&no-bg=true&margin-w=4)

### ✍️ Random Dev Quote
![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=radical)

### 🔝 Top Contributed Repo
![](https://github-contributor-stats.vercel.app/api?username=mprem7739&limit=5&theme=dark&combine_all_yearly_contributions=true)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=mprem7739&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->

Commit message:

Revise README with personal info and tech stack
Updated README.md to include personal information, tech stack, and GitHub stats.

README.md, after:

# 💫 Hi 👋, I'm Prem Prakash

🔭 I’m currently working on building full-stack MERN applications with a focus on responsive and scalable UI

👯 I’m looking to collaborate on MERN stack and real-world web development projects

🤝 I’m looking for help with backend architecture, APIs, and database optimization

🌱 I’m currently learning Node.js, Express.js, MongoDB, and REST API development

💬 Ask me about React, Redux, JavaScript, Tailwind CSS, Firebase, and MERN basics

⚡ Fun fact: I love transforming frontend designs into complete full-stack applications

## 🌐 Socials:
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/https://www.linkedin.com/in/prem-kushwaha-a79b3a230/) [![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:officialprem445@gmail.com) 
<!-- Snake Game Repo View -->

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://profile-readme-generator.com/assets/snake.svg" alt="Snake animation" />
</div>

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/c%23-%23239120.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=csharp&logoColor=white) ![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white) ![Render](https://img.shields.io/badge/Render-%46E3B7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=render&logoColor=white) ![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/vercel-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=white) ![Angular](https://img.shields.io/badge/angular-%23DD0031.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=angular&logoColor=white) ![Angular.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/angular.js-%23E23237.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=angularjs&logoColor=white) ![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%238511FA.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white) ![NPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-%23CB3837.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white) ![Next JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white) ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![Nodemon](https://img.shields.io/badge/NODEMON-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nodemon&logoColor=%BBDEAD) ![React Hook Form](https://img.shields.io/badge/React%20Hook%20Form-%23EC5990.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=reacthookform&logoColor=white) ![Apache](https://img.shields.io/badge/apache-%23D42029.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=apache&logoColor=white) ![Apache Tomcat](https://img.shields.io/badge/apache%20tomcat-%23F8DC75.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=apache-tomcat&logoColor=black) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![Adobe](https://img.shields.io/badge/adobe-%23FF0000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=adobe&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![Meta](https://img.shields.io/badge/Meta-%230467DF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Meta&logoColor=white) ![Uber](https://img.shields.io/badge/Uber-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Uber&logoColor=white)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=mprem7739&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=false)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=mprem7739&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=mprem7739&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=false&layout=compact)



### ✍️ Random Dev Quote
![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=radical)

### 🔝 Top Contributed Repo
![](https://github-contributor-stats.vercel.app/api?username=mprem7739&limit=5&theme=dark&combine_all_yearly_contributions=true)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=mprem7739&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->
